hi I'm Patrick this is Colt and in
today's episode of GF cook the net is
going to be a backseat driver and we are
going to make a real simple meal a BLT
now other than the bread being tapioca
rice bread this is pretty much a
standard meal that anybody could make
and it's just a quick episode to remind
people that you don't have to be
different just because you have your
gluten-free you can eat regular foods so
yeah we're gonna make a quick blt yeah
okay there's really nothing special to
cutting a tomato but what you want to
remember is you know to have a sharp
knife the other thing you want to
remember about tomatoes is that they're
very acidic so you want to wash your
knife right after you cut through the
tomato alright we're going to use
romaine lettuce because the nutritional
content is just a little bit higher and
you can't ever ever use hot water to
wash lettuce turn it off right now
what's wrong with you it's a cold
vegetable it requires cold water now
you're not going to be worried about
washing it for for germs you know you
don't have to disinfect it with the
water that's not the purpose of it the
purpose is to get off the grit and the
dirt that might have grown up in between
the leave now the reason we're using
romaine lettuce is because it's got a
slightly higher nutritional content it's
a little higher in iron and calcium and
you know all the vitamins that you want
to get from your food um iceberg lettuce
has little or no nutritional content at
all so you know while it's not entirely
bad for you it's just not really good
for you either someone once told me that
if you feed iceberg lettuce to a turtle
it'll starve to death whereas if you
give it romaine it lives pretty healthy
I I would turn it to medium-high heat to
cook your bacon you're going to use a
nice wide skillet so that you've got
plenty of room for the fat to render out
of the bacon now we're using a center
cut bacon because it's just a little bit
leaner and I don't know what to tell you
as far as buying gluten-free bacon
except make sure that
you know that the bacon you're buying is
gluten-free because the tricky thing
about bacon is that a lot of it says
hardwood smoked or you know applewood
smoked or any of those kind of words the
thing is you can't trust that it's
actually smoked and that they haven't
just added smoke flavoring a lot of
labeling is kind of tricky for bacon so
my best advice would be to know where
you're getting it from go ahead and wash
your hands after touching the bacon so
use hot water and soap every time you
touch meat you want to make sure you get
that stuff off of your hands before you
touch anything else now we're just gonna
let our bacon cook at medium-high heat
until it's till it's done and you can
decide what's done for you for bacon but
I like mine really crispy okay we're
using a tapioca rice bread a really good
tapioca rice bread now as is the case
with most gluten free breads it's way
better toasted toasted or you know
warmed in the microwave but if you warm
it in the microwave it gets a little
soggy if you toast it in the toaster
it's nice and squishy in the middle and
crisp on the outside and then we're
using a Mayo that we know to be
gluten-free see if you have lots and
lots and lots of lettuce like we do and
you want to put it in the fridge put a
paper towel around it and put it in a an
airtight baggie and it'll stay fresh for
a couple of days but you want to
remember that once you've lost your
produce its shelf life or refrigerator
life is actually cut down way way far so
you want to use it within a few days
otherwise it's gonna get moldy will t
soggy you know all kinds of nasty
alright well thank you for watching our
show I hope you enjoy your blts and stay
tuned on GF cook com subscribe to the
feed you can go there and get high
definition versions of the show and also
links to other websites with lists of
gluten-free products and informs so you
can sign up on the forms ask questions
with other gluten intolerant individuals
and we'll see you next month first
friday of every month this has been a
two smart guys production